SUBTITLE GENERATED BY SUBTEKS.ME
ENGLISH TO JAPANESE
Star...
Com... Command...
Command...
Star...
Star Command.
Alright.
Now. we won't be separated anymore.
Jessie.
We're together forever. partner.
That's right. partner.
But don't worry. because I'll be
watching over you.
Can you see?
I'm watching you always.
Even if I'm gone. I'll return.
Even if I'm gone. I'll come back.
I'm always watching you.
Oh. I'm gone.
I'll always love you.
Even if you're angry. or sad.
or accidentally left outside.
I will keep loving you forever.
Really?
For real?
Always. always. forever?
Yes. always and forever.
You can remember that right now.
I'm not yours. I'm married.
I'll poison the honorable men.
All of them.
I know CPR.
One. two. three.
Now. artificial respiration.
But the murder case isn't solved.
Calm down. Rex.
Honey. what's going on?
I'm not sure.
At first. I was angry that Bonnie drew glasses on me. but honestly.
now I can see very well.
Honey. focus.
Oh. sorry.
It's the Jordan twins.
They're back.
The poor things.
They're still afraid to ask to play.
This time it's different.
Stay there.
Time is wasting.
Oh. no.
That's the way. Bonnie.
You can do it.
Hello.
Weddings are tough. aren't they?
Shh.
Something is wrong.
So. how was the wedding?
Who killed the honorable men this time?
Mom?
Dad?
What's wrong. my dear child?
Why won't anyone be my friend?
Oh. Bonnie.
Come here.
Buzz!
Ouch!
You're the sheriff until I return.
Me?
That's right.
Get those twins to play with Bonnie.
Do something.
Let's go. Bullseye.
Why... are they both just sitting
there?
Doing nothing.
They won't even try to play with toys.
What?
Haven't you heard?
Yes. no. I haven't heard.
She hasn't heard.
What?
What haven't you heard?
The age of toys is over. young lady.
What do you mean. over?
When did that happen?
It's been years.
Where have you been?
Across the street.
Playing.
Playing?
Do your children play?
I don't remember playing.
Tell me what it's like.
Are you guys okay?
What happened?
Tap.
Devices.
Everywhere.
Smartphones.
Tablets.
Computers.
Cameras.
Screens have taken over everything.
Endless tapping.
That tapping sound!
Tap.
I advise you. my dear.
Find a drawer and hide.
When technology enters the house.
it's all over.
We're going to die.
Well. it's surely just a fad.
You know. like record players or hula hoops.
You don't understand.
The age of toys is over.
It's over.
Tap.
Don't believe me?
See for yourself.
Ah!
Look at everyone.
Everyone is on their devices.
Except for Bonnie.
No wonder she can't make friends. Bullseye.
She's the only one still playing
with toys.
Don't worry.
We are safe.
Is this really okay?
I don't know. but it might be useful.
Understood.
Oh!
It's a Lilypad!
Thank you. thank you. Mommy!
Thank you. Daddy!
Now that you've learned to do it. you're ready.
Hello. I am Lilypad.
Welcome to this pod.
Today will be time to learn how to use it. but tomorrow I'll start asking questions.
Whoops.
Do it again.
Keep hopping.
Again.
Good morning!
Screen time is over.
Put away your Lilypad and let's have
breakfast.
Understood!
Now. I'll have a little talk with this
Lilypad.
I'll drill the rules into it.
Jessie. why can't you calm down?
I told you. I am the picture of
calm and composure.
That's not working out.
Hi!
What was that?
Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.
I was in sleep mode.
Don't you know?
No. forget it.
I was thinking about connecting to a charger.
I wanted to refresh my battery a bit.
I want to have a secret talk with you.
Call me Lily.
Okay. listen closely.
We toys have spent the whole summer trying
to help Bonnie make friends with the Jordan twins.
And yet. you ruined it all... hey. are you listening!
Oh. no.
I was listening.
I'm always listening.
Can you see?
Okay. listen closely.
We toys have spent the whole summer trying.
to help Bonnie and the Jordan twins
become friends.
No. in Spanish.
No. in rap.
We toys have spent the whole summer trying to help Bonnie make friends.
...
Wow. your first dance. honey!
This is a situation of concern.
I don't care anymore!
You don't understand!
My kid needs to learn how to make friends. You shouting isn't helping at all!
Look. if Bonnie needs a friend.
leave it to me.
Alright.
What?
What happened?
Oh. it was easy.
I sent friend requests to every girl in Bonnie's dance class.
But that's... they aren't here. are they?
Oh. they are.
It's funny.
Chelsea. Carla. even Heidi. they're all here.
The parents started a group chat on "Pond."
See. on Pond. while Bonnie is playing my fun
learning games. she can interact with the other kids.
That's why Mom and Dad bought me.
To make connections.
Look!
I made a friend.
I want one too.
That lily pad got Bonnie a friend. Hey. I... 15 seconds.
I was counting.
What?
No!
Don't touch.
That's not a friend.
A real friend should actually be here.
Oh. that's what I'm saying. Jessica.
No. no. no.
You used the "J" word.
Scandalous!
With my help. Bonnie will eventually reach all her developmental goals.
I only want what's best for her.
I think I know what's best for Bonnie better than a green calculator.
Really?
Yes. really.
I have experience raising three children.
Bonnie. Andy before that. and Emily before that.
Doesn't that just mean you're old?
Whoa!
Wow. super old.
Fine. let's fight for her.
Yeah!
Come on!
Let's fight out front!
That tickles a bit.
Jessica. how do you keep in such good shape?
Bring it on!
I'll show you who's right for Bonnie!
Nobody said anything about lifting.
Bonnie!
What?
What's wrong?
Chelsea from dance class and Bonnie are going to a sleepover this weekend.
Can I go too?
Please!
Yes. well. that's fine.
If you talk to Chelsea's parents. I think it'll be okay.
Yay!
Oh. what a team!
Hey. behind the dresser is my spot.
It should last a few more years.
Wow. extinction!
Again!
Listen. our era isn't over yet.
Bonnie still loves us.
Yeah. that's true.
I love you.
Yes. yes. as you say. Sheriff.
It's just a temporary thing.
Hello?
It's Kaboom.
Go ahead.
Oh. Duke!
Hey. Red.
Long time no see.
Say. is Woody there?
Hold on a second.
Hey. Cowboy!
Calm down. Duke.
He's in the middle of a rescue.
Bat-Squirrel!
No!
Red!
It's an evil squirrel!
All right. then. Mr. Nutcase... Doctor!
Doctor!
Listen. Doctor Nutcase. on the count of three.
peel yourself off and jump into my arms.
What's the point?
Toys are over.
The Squirrels won. The squirrel is trying to eat me!
Is everyone ready?
Just hit it.
Trevor has completely forgotten I was stuck in the tree.
It's over!
Okay. one. two... I can't move!
Three!
Whoa!
Okay. okay. it's fine.
Hello?
Jessie?
Woody!
Jessie!
Hey. what's going on?
Cursed technology!
Hey. keep it down.
We're headed for the dump now!
Woody. is it true what they say about how terrible it is outside for toys?
But we're machines. right!
Yeah. yeah. it's terrible.
Every day. more toys are being abandoned.
Why?
Is everyone okay?
Not really.
Tex has invaded our home too.
Oh no.
Yes. the name is Lilypad.
It looks like a frog. but it's actually just a bloodsucking leech.
It takes all of Bonnie's attention and makes her stare at a screen all day.
There must be a way to stop it somewhere!
I don't know. Jessie.
Toys are for playing. but Ted... he adapts to everything.
Do you remember my first child. Emily?
The one I told you let me go?
Of course I remember.
It feels like it's happening all over again.
At first we played. but then the world started to change.
I know.
Emily changed. and then... in the blink of an eye. my time with her was over.
Now. I'm losing Bonnie because of this device.
My fault?
Am I not worth anything as a toy?
Jessie. you're a good toy.
I don't know.
Jessie...
Jessie.
Sheriff.
Sheriff Jessie.
I appreciate the promotion. but what I really want to promote is...
That's really ridiculous.
But she got Bonnie invited to the sleepover in an instant.
Jessie. you know Bonnie better than anyone.
What does your gut tell you?
That it shouldn't be that easy.
Bonnie doesn't just hit it off with anyone.
That's right.
She needs to actually meet those kids.
She's different from them.
Bonnie's way of playing is different.
She...
She needs to play.
Jessie.
That's right. Woody.
Toys are for playing.
And playing is how she finds real friends.
I get it.
The age of toys might be over. but I'm going to do something useful before I go.
I'm going to go to that sleepover and make a real friend for Bonnie.
Jessie. are you okay?
Miles!
Jessie?
Jessie!
What are you going to do?
I thought you might need backup.
No. I don't need backup.
What happened?
Why are we whispering?
He finally fell asleep.
So. what's the problem?
I don't know. but did you hear about Jessie?
She needs a Deputy Sheriff.
Oh. I see!
Jessie?
What?
Nothing. nothing.
If you need anything. I'm here.
Okay. thanks.
Come on. Bullseye.
I need your help.
I can't see the stars. Buzz.
The fog is too thick.
Hmm.
I need to look for a higher place.
Huh?
Buzz. I found the bearing.
The east door.
I'm not cleaning that up.
Why did the Queen freeze?
Interesting.
Must avoid humans.
Understood.
Bonnie. it's time to go to your sleepover.
Hey. Bonnie. what are you doing?
I thought you said you were done packing.
I am. But it's my first sleepover. Dad.
I want to be ready.
It's okay. sweetheart.
Come on. go put your shoes on.
Come on. go put on your shoes.
We have to go.
All right. all right.
Jessie!
Hey. what are you doing?
Assessing my new friends to
see who my real friends are.
Pod. it's not good that Bonnie is taking toys to the sleepover.
Oh. my goodness.
Stop eating. Buzz.
I am.
I mean. I'm all set.
Keep an eye on that device while we're away so it doesn't do anything reckless.
Understood. Sheriff.
Leave it to me.
All right. it's time to go.
Understood.
No. Jessie. get out of that bag.
I'm just thinking about what's best for Bonnie.
Good grief. what is this about?
I'm doing the exact same thing.
Did you pack your toothbrush?
Maybe.
Oh. thank you. Dad.
You packed Jessie and Bullseye. didn't you?
Did I?
Well. you're welcome.
Now. we've arrived.
Oops. oops.
I wonder if Carla and Heidi are here yet.
Oh. there they are.
Dad. I found them.
They're over there.
All right. I see them.
Hey. Bonnie.
You're forgetting your bag.
Hi. Chelsea.
Oh. hi. Bonnie.
Everyone. do you remember Bonnie?
Hello. This is Jessie.
Hi. Brandon.
She's my best partner.
Are you still playing with toys?
Could you please?
No. I'll be right back.
There. that's a good girl.
Dad. hold this.
Didn't you need your toys?
Dad. just go.
Everyone.
I've got the lotus leaf.
Bye-bye.
No. no. no.
Everything is wrong.
How can they be friends if they're not even looking at each other?
Oh. my goodness.
Looks like someone lost a toy.
What was that. Dad?
I said someone lost a toy.
I found something.
Let's take a look.
There's an owner's name. Emily.
Oh. there's an address written here. too.
It's not that far from here.
Let's deliver it for them.
Please turn right onto Lunch Road.
You have reached your destination.
Let's put it in the mailbox.
What are you doing?
I'm putting it in the mailbox.
Are you leaving me behind?
Yes.
No. no. no. no. no.
No.
I shouldn't be here.
I have to get back to Bonnie.
Let's go. Bullseye.
Hey!
Bullseye!
You're thinking the same thing. right?
Yeah!
Alright. I'll send a tweet and we'll ride this horse home.
I'm coming. Bonnie!
Yes!
Bullseye?
Oh. thank goodness.
Come here.
Help.
Hey there. are you okay?
Were you attacked by something?
Come here. that's a good boy.
There.
Good boy.
Where did you come from?
Oh. that's perfect.
No.
Bullseye.
So. how is this going to help get Bonnie's attention?
When she gets back from the sleepover. she'll go into her room.
see Forky and Karen Beverly. and think of the wedding.
You mean Bonnie. right?
Not Jessie?
Of course. Bonnie.
Only Bonnie.
Hey. what is everyone talking about?
They say the boss is going to propose to Jessie.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
I didn't say that.
You didn't either.
No. well... a question. but is Woody officiating the wedding?
I hadn't thought that far ahead. Forky.
Then why is Woody at the window?
Woody!
Hey. everyone.
Hi. everyone.
It was so good to see you all this morning. friends.
Woody!
What a lovely cowboy.
Why are you wearing a dress. Woody?
It's a poncho. Forky.
I decided to change up my look.
Really?
Well. Walt likes it.
I'm happy to be back.
Wow!
Sammy!
What?
That poncho looks wonderful.
Someone needs a brown marker.
Wow. Bonnie really turned the room into this.
Yes. she made quite a mess.
Oh my.
Oh. Sammy has grown.
Oh. that's the second Sammy.
No way.
That's right.
I'll explain.
There was the first Sammy. and then he died.
Oh. Sammy.
Hey!
Who's there!
Oops. oops.
Sorry.
My name is Woody.
I came in peace.
I used to live here.
I see.
Long time no see. cowboy.
How have you been?
Oh. I've been busy.
Jessie asked for my help. so I rushed over here.
I'm glad you were in town.
She called you?
Yes.
But I am her deputy.
Oh.
That's strange.
Could there be some misunderstanding?
No offense. Woody.
I don't mind.
But she literally appointed me as her deputy.
Oh. is that so?
Woody. look.
Look here.
There's a star. right?
It's a deputy.
It's me.
There's no star.
I get it.
It's a star.
There's no star.
Oh. Buzz. what is that?
Take a look.
Ouch.
Hold on.
Wait.
I'm happy to help.
Deputy.
Call me when you're done helping. dear.
Wonderful.
Alright. ladies.
It's Charles Woodgate.
Yes.
A star.
Alright.
Oh!
By the way. where is Jessie?
Scouting the sleepover.
Oh.
She and Posie are helping Bonnie make friends.
While getting rid of those annoying lotus leaves.
By the way. I'm Dolly.
Glasses.
Didn't you have glasses before?
What do you mean?
No.
Leave it to me. cowboy.
As her deputy. I am certain Jessie is resting in a comfortable place.
She is now indispensable
to Bonnie.
Huh?
Oh.
You are useless.
Hey. help me get out of here.
Come here.
Come on.
Come on. Sheriff.
Yeah. that's it.
Come here.
Come on.
Oh.
Nice pig.
You smell.
Oh.
Do I have to do it myself?
Jimmy D?
We are... no. wait.
Oh. I see.
Oh.
Is that your name?
Jimmy D?
Take me home.
Oh my.
It's moving.
Oh.
Hey.
Is it you?
Whoa.
That's it.
Nice pig.
Okay.
No.
No. no. no.
Bad pig.
Wrong way. Jimmy.
Oh. no.
Wrong house. Jimmy.
Wrong house.
No.
Oh.
Blaze.
Everyone. wrong person.
Oh. excuse me.
We are with Combat Carl.
Come on. sit down.
No. no.
I have to go home.
No.
Oh. please.
Just stand there.
Combat Carl says so.
Oh. okay.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Anywhere but that chair.
Who is going to sit there?
Blaze.
The girl you saw in the barn?
Is she your child?
Isn't she lovely?
She loves tea parties.
And she tells us all her secrets.
Yes. pizza with sunglasses.
Cheers to Blaze's return.
Mmm. delicious.
By the way. how long has it been since your Blaze
last had tea?
Since he arrived. everything has changed.
He?
Smarty Pants.
Blaze's first device.
You're sitting on him.
What?
Oh my god.
Hey. hello.
Can you hear me?
Oh. wait.
This isn't a toilet.
How long have I been here?
Shut up. chair.
Turn me off.
Who is this little old lady?
Hey. what happened to him?
He's out of batteries.
Eggman. you're some kind of Pong game device.
What?
At home. dealing with lotus leaves is enough.
I don't have time for this.
Your Blaze brought my horse inside the house.
We have to get back to our child.
Wait. wait. wait.
Are you going inside?
Take me with you. please.
Absolutely not.
You'll need help pushing. right?
I'm great at pushing.
You should just do whatever you want with your child.
No.
Can't you just wait here with your friends?
I can't spend another second with "Sergeant No-Pants."
Kid. I'm coming with you. Cowgirl.
Absolutely not.
You've caused us enough trouble already.
Us?
No. please.
This guy is only good for being a chair.
I'm not a chair.
I'm for toilet training.
Show some respect.
Look. Kim the Rag.
These are all outdoor toys.
I'm the only one who can shine inside.
You want to find the RC company car. right?
I know exactly where it is.
Put him down. okay?
You need me.
Hey.
Hey. someone dim the lights in here.
Can you walk a little quieter...?
Hurry. close the door before they change their minds.
Understood.
Run.
It's this line. follow it and you'll find the child.
I see. oh. that's right.
Hey!
What do you all think?
Whoa!
No way!
Hey. look. look. look!
Show me!
Casualty!
Code Red!
Everyone. I'm heading out!
I'll be back in an hour!
Got it. Mom!
Oh. I forgot my keys.
I don't feel so well.
Need to reboot...
I'm back.
I'm back home.
Everything started here.
Oh. it has changed completely.
Smarty. no!
I have to find Bullseye.
I need more power.
Okay. where are the batteries?
Where are the batteries?
In the bottom drawer.
Hi. hello.
Pick a number.
Number one?
Whoa!
I feel great!
Look at me!
No!
Good!
No. let's stop this already.
Knock-knock.
I'm back.
Let me out.
Stumpy!
Atlas!
You're still here.
Ha!
Busty Copper. need to turn you on again.
No!
Absolutely not!
The world doesn't need any more devices.
What?
Are you going to cast them into darkness forever?
We must hurry.
Number one.
What you created was…
Atlas!
Stumpy!
Smarty!
Oh!
Is it really you?
It’s definitely me!
My goodness. it’s great to see you doing so well!
The Double-18s are back!
Ever since Blaze threw a tantrum and Mom took us back inside. we haven’t been able to meet.
Tell me. what happened?
Well. we were down below for a long time too.
Oh. but look!
I showed them what it was like in first and second grade.
Ah. that’s it. please show me.
Look at her!
She’s grown up quite a bit.
Right?
She’s cute. isn’t she?
That was the year I got bangs.
Wait. where is that?
It’s Disneyland.
Wait. is that me in the pocket?
Flash. did both of you go there?
It’s true.
It was a very beautiful place.
And. well. this is the last one.
The next one was just a spinning rainbow wheel.
The end?
Finished.
The contents of my SD card flashed before my eyes.
I see. I’m glad everyone managed to boot up safely.
But I don’t have that kind of time.
Ah. I’m sorry.
Everyone. listen. this is Pussy Cowgirl.
Jessie. she’s a sheriff. let’s just go with that.
Blaze’s bonsai is the worst.
Thank you. Hot.
Anyway. we have to get back to our kid. Bonnie.
She needs us.
So. where is she. Smarty?
Alright. let’s do as you said.
I’ll tell you.
Drumroll. please.
She’s probably in the bedroom.
Probably the bedroom?
I could have guessed that much.
But you couldn’t. Dusty.
Dusty?
Yeah. that ancient. old. mummified piece of trash.
That’s what I always call him.
Number 1.5.
Hey. you know what?
I have a good idea.
Oh. wait.
I came up with an idea that might help us get to Bonnie.
What is it?
It’s a bit technical. but if the three of us link up…
…
No. I’m tired of that high-tech talk.
Sorry. but I’ll make it back on my own.
No offense meant.
You’re on mute. Dave.
Muted.
Okay. that’s better.
You’re on mute again. Dave.
Hey. what exactly are you doing?
You aren’t the only one who misses the kid. you know?
Come on. help me out.
Careful. you’re going to unplug it.
Blaze. come on back.
Grandma!
Blaze. is that Blaze. all grown up?
She’s changed so much.
It’s like she changed overnight.
Are we there yet?
Not yet.
Wow. she’s grown.
She grew up while I was gone.
How beautiful she is.
When did she learn to tidy up like this?
I can see the floor.
I can see myself reflected in the floor.
It smells like vanilla.
How lovely.
Really.
how much have I missed?
Everything.
You’re shining. but can you still remember?
How would you know?
Because I’ve seen everything up to now.
I spent years under the bed. watching the first child grow up.
Hey. that’s the entrance.
By the way. how old is Blaze?
Nine or ten?
The room looks like a teenager’s.
She’s nine and a half.
Thank you very much.
Because of you devices. they grow up so fast.
We have to go back.
Wait!
Thank goodness!
Ah. you both seem like nice people. but I must be going.
Wait. wait. wait.
Are you saying this was your room too?
Yeah.
Really?
What. are you calling me a liar?
No.
Yes. you are. a liar.
There’s a knot in the ceiling. right?
If you squint. it looks like an angry eye.
There’s a small spiderweb-like crack in the upper right of the window.
I used to play with Emily there every summer afternoon on that little spring hill.
Come on. Bullseye. let’s go.
Oh. you’re welcome.
For what?
You didn’t help with anything.
You’re… what?
Say it.
Useless.
My goodness.
Jimmy has grown up.
Tell me. Jimmy Dean.
Who’s coming?
Sally is coming.
She’s coming.
To my house.
Hey Mom. I just got an email from Sally.
She’s probably on her way now.
You want to be friends with me. don’t you. Jimmy?
Of course I do.
By the way. your hairstyle today is great.
Thanks. Jimmy.
She’s perfect.
We have to get Blaze to meet Bonnie.
Bonnie.
Kendra!
I’m home.
Welcome back.
How was the sleepover?
I don’t want to talk about it.
Why?
What happened?
Sounds like a bad story.
I can’t find Jessie.
Calm down. lover boy.
Your fiancée is coming.
Fiancée?
I was the same as you.
You didn’t tell me.
Yeah. I know.
Aren’t you excited?
Well. it’s not official yet.
That’s why I’m… you’re going to ask her.
By the way. I’m a certified priest.
Where?
Last Halloween.
Remember when Bonnie gave me a ghost priest?
Yeah. that’s right.
Bonnie says she’s coming.
Did you make any friends?
It’s like this.
That’s a terrible look.
Has anyone seen Jessie?
Is that what it is?
Should I make you a snack?
Yeah. please.
I’m starving.
Jessie!
No. no. that’s not right.
This isn’t the correct version.
Where is Jessie?
Where is Bullseye?
They’re a bit busy helping Bonnie right now.
What on earth happened at that sleepover?
Excuse me. who are you?
Some old toy or something?
What was that?
Do you think I’m an old man just because I’m bald. why you… listen here. kid…
Where is Jessie?
What happened to Bonnie?
She seems terribly depressed.
Maybe the girls were playing hide-and-seek and forgot to find Bonnie.
Ah.
Poor Bonnie.
Why did you let that happen?
I didn’t let it happen.
The toys did it.
These kids have been in the pond for over a year now.
But Bonnie was left behind.
Because she was playing with you guys the whole time.
We have to let her catch up quickly.
We'll start with the Turtle Attack.
It's the quickest way
for her to connect with the girls. One more time.
Froggy. Where's Jessie?
I wouldn't know.
I'm busy.
Is that so?
I'll make you talk.
I'll handle this. Woody.
Hey. hey. hey.
Alright. alright.
No.
I will get you back for this.
I am definitely going to get you back.
Stop. stop it.
Where is Jessie?
Fine.
You guys are dismissed.
Wait. he's doing something.
Let's go. everyone.
Cut it. cut it fast.
I can't. it's impossible.
I need to reply. but my fingers are
made of plastic. Here it comes.
Are you sure we can take these toys?
It's fine. it's your room.
No.
We can keep them in the garage if we have to.
Yeah.
I'm calling it "in storage" for now.
So.
what do we do next?
Don't worry. Buzz.
We'll find her.
I promise.
Woody. I know it's just a game ritual and usually the bunny decides. but
well...
if it were up to me. you'd be my best man.
Buzz. I'm honored.
But I already entrusted the room to Lily. so Jessie will never speak to me again.
What do you mean. entrusted?
I... no. no. that's not it.
Buzz. that's it.
What is?
Alright.
By tomorrow morning. everyone should be awake and fully charged.
Except for Lily Pug.
That's when we'll find out from Lily where Jessie is.
Oh. finally.
Hey. don't snore.
I can hear you.
Woody. can you get that phone away from me?
Get a grip. Buzz.
Look. the camera is active.
That's right. a snap.
You said you'd help me catch the bunny. didn't you?
So. what are we doing?
I told you. didn't I?
I don't know.
I really don't know.
I'm sorry I called you useless.
The three of you are definitely useful.
Just figure it out.
Please. I was wrong.
I misunderstood your kid. Blaze.
She has a creativity and playfulness that other kids don't.
Right?
Go on.
Yeah. my kid is the same way.
And they seem to really get along.
So. you're not going to help me after all?
Let's work together for the kids.
Okay. turn my handle.
Yeah. let's build a bond.
F-R-E-N-D.
Add an I.
F-R-I-N-D.
Okay. so how do we connect?
You said your kid's device is on the pod.
Just like mine. right?
Yeah.
This morning. Atlas and I fully synced up.
Look. I can take your picture.
Okay. watch this.
I look good in photos. right?
Now Atlas can send the message.
Uh-huh.
And of course. post it to the pod.
Right where she is.
Wow. did you send it?
No. it's still sending.
How about now?
It's still sending.
Still?
How is that even possible?
The loading icon is just spinning.
It's matching the speed of my OS.
Just calm down and wait.
Okay?
Alright. it sent.
Finally.
What's next?
Now we wait.
Yeah. everyone's still asleep.
We just have to wait for Bonnie to wake up and see the post.
Wait. I have a good idea.
Let's play a game.
Yeah. that sounds good.
A game?
Yeah.
It was Blaze's favorite.
It's called "Poop Picker."
When the poop pops out. you hit the button.
Man. you're smart.
I am definitely not playing that.
That's what everyone says.
Captain.
Star Command.
No. that's wrong.
Daddy!
What's wrong?
Lily won't move.
I'm going to miss Turtle Time.
Even Kara. Tessie. and Heidi watch it every morning.
I can't miss it. Daddy.
It's okay.
I plugged it back in.
You just have to wait for it to charge.
But it's not okay.
I'm going to miss the game.
Sweetheart. there's nothing I can do right now.
Alright. that was a success. right?
Look at that.
That's stage one.
Next is stage two.
No. I thought it was my turn to start stage two.
I'm starting stage two.
We decided that with thumb wrestling earlier.
Alright. alright.
And then. let's have a chat with our frog friend.
I hate this game.
Please. make it stop.
Mighty Whipper!
One more time. one more time.
I can't feel my bottom.
Just one more time.
One more time.
Come on.
Let's stop playing for now.
Playing?
That's just a game.
It's not playing.
What's the difference?
Look. it's real "pretend play."
Are you kidding?
Have you never seen Blaze play with toys?
How long have you been with her?
About three months.
Months?
What?
Was that too long?
It's too short.
Oh. man. you missed the best part!
The best part?
I mean. the real fun.
The fun of imagination.
Look at her.
Yeah. I guess so.
She's playing.
Me?
Prove it.
Alright. wise guy.
I'll show you.
Good morning. Kimmy.
Is breakfast ready?
Mom. look!
Where did you find this cowgirl?
I'm not afraid of anything. partner.
That's right.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Oh my god. that's amazing.
You're actually going to play.
Let's go!
Princess Kimmy. arriving!
Princess. I'm honored to be invited to the ball.
Kimmy. this is your big office!
What do you have. Kimmy?
Oops.
I can't believe you still had this.
Wait.
Agent Clydesdale. a suitor is approaching.
We meet again. Agent Sheathland.
It's Brad Shetland.
Shetland.
I told you already.
Wait. Agent Clydesdale. what did you say?
Mrs. Davenport.
Did you find it?
The bomb?
Yes.
Snappy. have you confirmed it?
Not yet.
Agent. the bomb is right above you.
Where?
I don't believe it. Agent Clydesdale.
But where is the bomb?
Ah!
Here it comes. Buzz.
Hurry.
I'm hurrying. Woody.
What happened?
Wait. what did you do to my batteries?
If you don't tell me what happened to Jessie and Bullseye. I'll do it again.
What time is it?
Oh. man.
This is bad.
It's already time for her diary. and
we're not even ready for the inside jokes.
This is a disaster!
Stop with the silly games already.
Where are Jessie and Bullseye?
Silly?
This is serious.
Back off. Bill.
Bonnie is going to be left behind.
Do you want to meet my friends?
Do it like this.
Take your plastic hands off. or I'll sound the alarm.
I thought you'd say that.
Buzz. bring Sammy too.
No. absolutely not.
Oh. no. no.
Alright!
Okay. test Sammy.
Is this it?
That's the deer mark.
Alright. got it.
What's next?
Set the screen time to zero.
One hour at the shortest.
The horse girl.
Who is that horse girl?
That's Jessie.
Then open it!
We're going to the garage. pal!
No. wait!
Hey. Lily!
Yes. can I help you?
Huh?
Wait a second.
Interesting.
Lily. go back to that horse girl post.
Got it!
She actually listens!
Move aside. Buzz!
Hey. stop!
Hey. Lily!
Yes!
Open that post!
Got it!
Jessie. we have to show Bonnie!
Show me again!
Where is she?
Hey. Lily!
I can't see her!
Catch her!
Catch her wherever she is!
Stay there!
Alright!
We did it!
Where did she go?
Lily?
The printer!
Alright!
Alright. it's over.
Bonnie. breakfast isn't finished yet.
No. it's over!
What's next. Sheriff?
Oh. you're the Sheriff. Sheriff!
What do you mean. Bonnie?
Why did you put the toys in the garage?
Well. because Bonnie asked me to.
Remember. honey?
No.
I haven't heard from Lily.
They're gone!
She really did take Jessie and Bullseye.
I hope they're safe.
Alright. I've moved the Queen to a safe place.
Alright. you can do it. Agent Clydesdale!
One of these buttons will disarm the bomb.
But which one. Agent Seatland?
That one!
Sheriff!
Alright. let's go. Your Majesty!
Oh my!
That was so cool!
So I was a spy!
Yeah. you were!
I'm sorry.
That was wonderful!
My friend. that is what "playing" is.
Wow!
I feel so alive!
Are toys always like that. Sheriff?
Yeah. they are!
Wait. hold on.
That's the first time you've called me Sheriff.
I finally get it!
Blaze is perfect for Bonnie.
Playing with her is the best!
Does your kid play like that too?
It's her!
She's in the post!
It's Bonnie!
Reply!
Don't let go!
Got it!
How do I do it?
Bonnie is coming here!
Blaze and Bonnie are going to meet!
Sorry!
What are you typing?
Delete it right now!
I'm trying to take the batteries out!
What on earth is happening?
Slinky. tell me!
I can't hear well!
It's so noisy!
They must be arguing about getting rid of us!
Are we being donated?
Donuts!
No. honey.
It's a donation!
Wow!
I like her. but this is tough.
It's quiet!
I can hear something!
Like little footsteps!
Oh. the gate!
Bonnie is coming!
We're going. Mom!
Oh. my!
Lily is going too!
Stay strong. Bonnie.
Everything will be fine.
Alright. Buzz.
You stay here.
I'm going with them.
Why?
Why only you?
Look. I just have more experience.
That's all.
Do you think I can't do it?
No. it's just that I...
I thought I'd be a little better at it.
That's terrible!
Oh. Buzz. stop it!
I was entrusted by Jessie!
That's why I told you to watch the room here!
A room without Jessie has no meaning!
Buzz. no!
Nice poncho!
It's nice to see them fighting again.
It really is!
How did your toys get here?
Oh. how about this?
Oh. look at the puppies!
Stop calling us puppies.
It's her!
Be careful. Snappy.
Dad will see us.
No way.
He's busy showing off his new background.
It's her!
It's Bonnie!
Bullseye. it really is her!
Bonnie. let's go.
Come on.
Buzz. listen.
I was just...
Thank you. everyone.
It was nice meeting you. devices.
Oh. don't lump us in with trash that can't be flushed.
It's her!
Hello. how can I help you?
Excuse me. I'm calling because I heard from the young lady.
It seems you've found my daughter's toys.
Are they inside?
Understood. I'll have her go get them.
Blaze. are you okay?
Yes?
Those two plushies you found.
could you bring them here?
The owner is here.
Understood!
How cute!
Blaze. this is...
Bonnie.
Hello. Bonnie.
Hey. are these your toys?
I don't play with toys anymore.
They're just...
Antiques.
They certainly look quite old.
Aren't they at least valuable?
No. not at all.
You keep them.
Bonnie?
You don't want them?
Are you really sure?
Bonnie?
Bonnie!
I wonder what's wrong with her.
Sorry for the trouble.
It's quite alright.
If you change your mind. Bonnie.
just let me know anytime.
I don't understand.
What was that?
What's the matter. Bonnie?
Alright. let's go.
Let's go. Bullseye!
Hurry!
Before the car leaves. It's too late now.
Bullseye.
But you can still make it.
Please. just go yourself.
Sheriff?
Jessie?
Are you okay?
What just happened?
Looks like you got dumped. Jessie.
This is your fault!
It's all because of those cursed devices!
Making children grow up so fast!
They've stolen our time!
I wanted to change something!
Something needed to change!
And you ruined it!
Smarty. are you okay?
Sorry.
It's okay. I'm fine.
That's a good punch for a plush toy.
cowgirl.
Cowgirl?
Jessie?
Oh. Sheriff?
I'm sorry. Smarty.
It's not your fault.
It's me who's useless.
Bullseye!
Poor Jessie.
We have to find a way inside.
Buzz!
Where are you going?
Let's talk about this!
Huh...?
What is happening?
Identify yourself.
And state your purpose.
Everyone!
Take them away!
Wait. what is going on?
Silence. assassin!
Assassin?
No. that's not it!
Buzz?
How do you know who we are?
Who sent you?
Good heavens!
Speak!
Hey. what do you want me to say?
What should I do?
You're a holster!
Stationed outside our leader's
fortress.
You're a minion of Zurg!
Zurg?
No!
Hey. I don't even know who you're calling leader!
Quiet!
Are you trying to harm the redhead with
the Star Command emblem?
Jessie?
Wait!
He is not a minion of Zurg.
Then who is this old timer?
Why does everyone keep saying that?
I'm not that old!
This old man is a toy.
A toy?
Yes. we are all toys.
Our mission on this planet is to make
children happy.
To be played with!
Hey Buzz. will you help us?
Look into your heart. Buzz.
You'll know it's the truth!
And the redhead you're looking for is
our leader's toy!
Her name is Sheriff Jessie.
Sheriff Jessie is trapped inside
that fortress.
We must infiltrate and rescue her
and her horse.
How do you know that?
Because I'm her deputy sheriff.
So. is this old man a toy too?
Yes. that's right.
He's my partner.
Untie him. please.
And everyone. Zurg is our father.
What's inside the box?
I don't know.
I just hope she's safe.
Hey everyone!
Is anyone hungry?
Me!
Me too!
Can you pass the Prairie Bubbles?
Oh. I like that way of eating.
It's not here.
Not here either.
Definitely not here.
Damn!
Where is she?
I've found an electronic device.
Hey. Michael Chippendales. don't touch that!
Whoa!
There's a strong signal coming from you guys.
Full radio reception!
Same here!
We can map it out for miles!
These guys are hot spots themselves.
No. they are one of us.
They are part of our group!
Awesome!
By the way. this one is broken.
Where are you hiding. Jessie. you machine!
Hey. take it easy.
We're friends of Jessie.
Besides. I have a name.
Smarty Pants.
I'm the hygiene officer.
He'll clean things up.
I'm serious. Mr. Pants.
I have a Space Ranger oath to uphold.
You just said "pants."
You jerk!
Clearly. we are all friends of Jessie.
So. can you tell us where she is?
She went to the tire swing hill.
On the edge of the ranch.
It's too far to walk.
Then we need a mode of transport.
Let's go. Dwight.
Bonnie. did something happen with your friends?
Will you tell me?
I'm not angry. Bonnie.
I promise.
Oh. my sweet Bonnie.
You can always talk to Mom and Dad. you know?
Anything at all.
Because. Bonnie. I love you so much.
I don't want to change anything about you.
I'm sure your real friends feel the same way. don't you think?
But why don't you take a break from the group chat?
Let's go get some ice cream.
Yay!
Bonnie?
There's no chocolate chip.
Please pick another flavor.
I'm sorry. Bonnie.
What's wrong?
Bullseye. you can't come with me.
Bad boy.
Go back to Blaze's pool. Cy.
It's for the best.
I'm serious.
She'll take good care of you.
You have those horses too. right?
Cy. Bullseye. no!
I'm not going with you.
I can't do this again.
Loving a child I've never met.
only to feel the same pain again.
I can't.
I didn't write this.
This must be...
Hey. this belongs to the family.
It's something new.
I don't understand.
There's no way you could have this.
She should be...
An adult by now.
Emily named her daughter...
Named after me.
Is that true?
Amazing.
Jessie. Bullseye!
Hey. I found it.
Are you ready?
I'm fine.
What are you doing here?
I've come to get you. Jessie.
Me?
We all have.
It looks like there are about 50. but I can only
count to two.
Star Command.
Alright. alright. settle down.
Give me a little space.
Um. boss?
Yes?
Hey. that was meant for me.
Just for me.
I saw Bonnie let you go.
You saw?
I don't accept that.
You are not a useless child. Sarah!
I love you!
Isn't it great!
Look. I'm fine.
Bonnie is growing up.
We cannot decide when or how she
grows up.
The important thing is that we were there
at the right time to help her.
I believe you all were.
You all make me proud to be a toy. Jessie.
I'm sorry. everyone. I'm sorry.
I just wanted you to at least be friends with Blaze.
Wait... it's connecting!
There's still time!
Lilypad can do it!
Lilypad?
Alright. alright. everyone. the message is coming through.
Jessie. I'm so sorry.
I chose the wrong friends.
I hurt Bonnie.
I'm not Bonnie.
Smardy. send the reply.
We can start over.
No. it's impossible!
She threw herself away!
What?
Into the donation truck!
She jumped into the Ozobot!
Did she throw herself away this time?
Let's go after her!
What was that?
But how?
Smardy. tell Lily to send a photo of where she is now.
Understood.
Snappy. zoom in on that blurry road sign.
Oh. look at you using high-tech.
not bad. cowgirl.
What is happening?
Atlas. can we catch up to that truck?
Route calculated. cowgirl.
Keep having Lily send photos of her current location.
We will get her back.
Understood. Sheriff.
Jessie. do you have a moment?
You must have something to ask me.
I have something to ask you.
Of course. Deputy.
Now. can you give me a hand?
Yes. Sheriff.
Yee-haw!
Here we go!
Whoa. wait!
Wait for me!
Ah!
It's not that far.
Go 5 blocks south. and 2 blocks east.
and we might be able to get ahead before reaching
the highway.
A car!
Claire!
We passed the gas station!
Haha. gas.
Sorry. I couldn't help myself.
Turn right at the next road and take a shortcut.
Ah!
There's a house!
I don't know.
There should be a road.
There probably was five years ago.
Hold onto the map!
Recalculating!
No time!
Pushing through!
I see it!
Up ahead!
Follow me!
Yes. Sheriff!
Arrived at the destination!
Lily!
Lily. where are you?
Hey. Lily!
No. may I help you?
Lily!
It's okay. I found her!
I shouldn't have come. Jessie.
There's no time for self-pity. Lily.
Bonnie still wants to be your friend.
Me?
But I...
I made a huge miscalculation regarding
Carla. Chelsea. and Heidi.
You're right. Bonnie is special.
She needs a better friend.
Lily. didn't you know those girls weren't right
for Bonnie?
No. it's me who isn't right for Bonnie.
I'm the cause.
Then help me fix it!
I found the perfect friend for Bonnie!
Really?
Yes!
Then come with me and let's introduce them.
Alright.
But before that. we have to get everyone off this truck
and get home.
Wait a minute!
It's too fast to get on now!
It's leaving soon!
There must be a way!
We have those amazing Buzzes. don't we!
Ah!
Excuse me!
No. no!
Back away!
Astronauts. turn back!
Alright. alright. alright. alright!
No way!
Oh. no way!
Are you ready. Chef?
Go. Lily!
This is flying with style!
Now the plan is perfect.
When Bonnie sends the message.
Blaze will take me and Bullseye home. This time. they are in command!
Chef. wait!
What if Bonnie rejects us again?
If we can be friends. it will all be worth it!
That's right. Chef!
Huh?
Wait!
Dusty. wait!
What is it?
What's wrong. Buzz?
Just listen to me!
I've been meaning to say this for a long time. but I feel like if I don't say it now.
I never will!
Will you do it?
You can do it!
Good grief...
You can't get away from me. Deputy.
Cheer up. everyone!
She will be back!
I have a plan!
Rest. Ranger.
Ben.
you know your mission.
Understood. Commander!
Lily!
Why is she here?
She's one of us.
Accept it.
Everyone. listen up.
Lily and Jessie have come up with a plan to
help Bonnie.
Alright. what do I do?
You don't have to do anything.
It's simple.
Jessie did all the hard work.
All that's left for me is to
send the message.
The rest is up to them.
Hey. sweetheart.
I found this in the car.
It's okay.
I turned the chat off.
Bonnie!
You have a friend at the door.
Hello. Bonnie!
I brought you a doll!
Bonnie. say hello!
Okay.
Hello.
I'm sorry.
I don't play with toys.
I played with her a little yesterday.
It was funny when she said. "Partner. what's wrong with not playing anything?"
That was...
That was weird.
I...
Sorry for the interruption.
Oh. my goodness!
Don't go!
She can't go!
She really can't!
Blaze!
Nice boots.
I...
Your socks are lovely.
Do you like my beard?
It's great!
It's wonderful.
Young lady?
Yes. I'm a billion years old.
That's why I'm so radiant.
Um... would you like to play?
Sure.
Do you really have a horse?
Yeah.
A real one?
Yes. a real one!
Hey!
I have a great idea!
Blaze. take care of my son.
Everyone!
We have gathered today to witness the
most wonderful wedding of Sheriff Jessie and Buzz Forum. Marc Lightyear.
Now. Sheriff. place this ring on Buzz's little finger and say your vows.
Buzz. will you take this ring and promise me on your honor.
that you will always play with me from now on?
Even in hard times?
I do!
Have you seen my wedding ring?
Why not check the bathroom?
Wait. wait!
I need the garden flowers!
Congratulations. you two!
It's okay. I took plenty of photos
of Smarty and the others. Thank you. Lily.
Well done. Sheriff.
You can call me Jessica.
Understood. I will.
Jessica.
Actually. never mind.
Okay.
Hey. if you have time. can you introduce that ring?
Yeah. sure.
It's coming!
Oh my!
That's a good idea!
The wedding is starting!
Buzz. will you take me as your coolest Sheriff wife?
I do!
And I will take you as my handsome Space Ranger husband!
I... hereby declare... objection!
No way!
Buzz is already married to me!
This is the third time this has happened!
That's awful!
Oh. Jessie!
It's a misunderstanding!
Tell them. Buzz!
Explain our love!
But Trixie. that's in the past!
Now is now!
Congratulations!
Nice work. Deputy!
So. did you help?
Yeah. I just followed Jessie's instructions.
Woody?
Cleo?
Hold this. I'm going to drive.
Oh. Will!
Wow. a ball!
Look!
Nice football!
Wow. that's intense!
I'm joining the cheer squad too!
Who's teasing the boys at the wedding game?
Look. Trixie!
Whoa!
Hey. want to have a sleepover sometime?
Yes. that sounds like so much fun!
Look. look. look!
Friends for life. partner!
Come on. Jessie!
Let's go in my spaceship!
Welcome to our home!
SUBTITLE GENERATED BY SUBTEKS.ME